Cretzman multiple bugs 01 17 2023 (#379)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-execution/cd-general-steps/using-shell-scripts.md

Select **Shell Script**.

> Enter a name for the step. An Id is generated. This Id identifies the step and is used in variable expressions. For example, if the Id is **Shell Script**, the expression might be `<+execution.steps.Shell_Script.output.outputVariables.myvar>`.

Reviewer: It works either way. The "execution." part seems to be optional.

![](./static/using-shell-scripts-18.png)

In the Script, you declare the variable using the **Name** value (in this example, `foo`).

![picture 3](static/3efd3f47e73c3ca4804bd0e728d8815194ae80c9284ddfe0c11fb07c520b3b0c.png)

> At deployment runtime, Harness will evaluate the expression and the variable will contain its output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At deployment runtime, Harness evaluates the expression and the variable contains its output.
```

The format to reference the output variable can be one of the following:

* Within the stage:

> 	+ `<+execution.steps.[step_id].output.outputVariables.[output_variable_name]>`

Reviewer: The "execution." is optional, so either way works. Do we want to mention both or only one form?

Author: we should mention only execution. it helps them understand where the variable is evaluated.

```

> echo "my secret: " <+execution.steps.CreateScript.output.outputVariables.myvar>

Reviewer: execution optional
